Updating Documentation For Using LeRobot (#21)
TrossenRobotics/trossen_arm: docs/tutorials.rst

=========
Tutorials
=========

> These tutorials provide step-by-step guides for using the Trossen Arm with LeRobot for Imitation Learning.

Reviewer: same comment as before - generalize

> These comprehensive tutorials offer step-by-step guidance on utilizing the Trossen Arm with various software frameworks, including ROS2, MoveIt, MuJoCo, LeRobot, and more.
> Each tutorial is designed to streamline your learning experience, covering essential concepts, setup procedures, and hands-on implementations to help you efficiently integrate and control the robotic arm across different platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These comprehensive tutorials offer step-by-step guidance on utilizing the Trossen Arm with third party packages and frameworks.
```

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :caption: Contents:

    tutorials/lerobot.rst

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
